Adding the Cloud Community Days online conference. (#183)
nikhita/tech-conferences-india: year-pages/2020.md

| Conference | Date | Venue | Description | Scholarship |
|------------|------|-------|-------------|-------------|

> | [Cloud Community Days](https://ccdays.konfhub.com/) | 17-19 Jun | Online | Ride the Cloud Revolution | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Cloud Community Days](https://ccdays.konfhub.com/) | 17-19 Jun | Online | Ride the wave of latest and best in Containers, Serverless, AI & ML, and more. | No |
```

Author: okay, i will do.

Reviewer: @dharmendranegi I already made the changes (turns out GitHub allows maintainers to do that!) and the code has been merged. :)

Author: Thanks.
